------------------------ MINI WATT ---------------------------

Program Purpose: To provide answers to questions using the internet and/or provided reference material.

Adding Questions to be Answered:
To get questions answered, there are two options: as text or from a file.
In the MiniWatt User Interface there is a questions section.
Beneath the title that says "Questions" are two buttons that say "As Text" and "From File"
If you just want to type in your questions, type them in the questions text area with a question mark and a newline after each question.
If you have a PDF or image file (bmp, jpg, jpeg, png) that contain questions, click the browse button beneath the text box, and then use the file chooser to choose the file.

Adding Reference Material (Optional):
If you have material, like a research paper, that you want MiniWatt to use as source material for question answering, you can do that.
Similarly to the question adding process, you can either paste in your reference material or choose a file that contains reference material.
Use the buttons under the "Reference" label to select which format you provide.
If you do not have reference material, you can leave the "No Reference" button beneath the "Reference" label selected.

Submitting:
Once you have your questions in place, and you have your reference if you want it, you can submit the content to get your answers.
To submit, click the button in the upper right corner with the arrow inside a box on it.
This will take a while usually, a dialog will appear to tell you it's in progress.
Once your results come back, they will be shown in a results pane. To close the pane and go back to the submit screen click the close button.

Exporting Answers as PDF:
From the results pane, if you want to export the question and answer set as a .pdf file, click the "Export PDF" button next to the "Results Label"
A file save dialog will come up and you can choose the file name and save it as a .pdf.

Using the History Feature:
After submitting a set of questions, you can access the answers after closing the results pane through the history feature.
To access a list of history, click on the button with the clock and circular arrow on it and a list of history will pop up on the right.
The history sets are named with the first question from each question set.
To view the results again, click on the name of the question set.
The results pane will pop up again with the answers, and without the wait.